Now I'm like an ant
But soon you will be attacked by ants.
The skin can break.
Color white red
Bathing this red pollen
It really works wonders.
I'll replace Choi's mother later.
Serve me.
Thank you, Master.
Does the bow look any different?
The Queen is more beautiful after the shower
Attractive.
Go, Your Majesty.
Someone has been invited.
Master, these are the ladies.
A gift for you
The servant chooses the best treasure.
Look at that.
These snobs.
This is knowing that the noble Yao is not favored.
They all came to make friends with the palace.
Reward you.
Thank you
Please have some tea.
You have just showered with red pollen that can only moisturize the skin from the outside.
And this red flower tea can help you adjust from the inside.
The Queen drinks too much.
Why?
Why drink a lot
Although it can make you more radiant in a short time.
But can lead to sunflower perfume a few days earlier.
Just serve your majesty well tonight.
It's not going to make him stay.
Your Majesty is coming.
Honey, this is a birthday party joke with me.
I'm going to comfort her.
The princess calmed down.
Whatever you want, I will reward you.
Who are you?